Well, good evening family. Thank you for
joining me again tonight. We're
going to go over some of the things that
are happening in the news. Braden has
some things for you and we'll go from
there and we'll pray. I'll try to keep
it under 30 minutes or
less. We have
some breaking news that happened. And
some of the words the Lord has given
me whenever I've prayed are coming
to pass. You can see it on the news.
It's neat to see it. We
prophesied through prayer
about Colombia,
right? The
man with
the beard. I
want to play the clip
of what the Lord showed us about the man
with the beard. Now, I have seen
recently about this man, that the cartel
will shoot him. I saw a wound
go through his shoulder. And the Lord
said, 'I will spare his life. He will
not be fatally wounded.'But there will
be a wound. I saw a
wound come from the cartel concerning
this man's life. I saw two attempts.
Both attempts will not be successful,
but in one, the bullet touched his body.
I saw him wrapped, and I saw that he would
fight, but he would be okay.
And the Lord said, 'Pray for this man.'I
saw the man with the beard, but I
saw a 50/50. And the Lord said he would
open a door for major ministry to take
place in Colombia. There will be
coliseums full of people getting born
again, and major revivals will come to
Colombia in the days ahead. The same
with Brazil
and
a lot of Latino nations
in the days ahead,
specifically Cuba. Cuba
will be a major hub of revival in the
days ahead. But I want to show you what
the Lord showed us about this. I
talked to Maldonado. He's a pastor in
Miami, and he will lead the charge and
have major ministries go down and
reach the Latino communities in the days
ahead. I saw millions of people,
10 million alone, come to the
saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus
Christ in Brazil and Colombia. Over 10
million people will come to Jesus in the
days ahead in this area. And so we pray
for Pastor Maldonado.
I pray I said that right. We are
praying over him and praying over
the people that they send down there
against the witchcraft, against all of
it that they will try to come in
and stop, because this is uncharted
territory that has not been challenged
in the spirit realm. And the Lord said,
'I will have a great harvest coming, but
pray for this president because I wanted
him in there.'He said his
life will be spared, but I saw the enemy's
wound go through his
shoulder.
It does not
take his life. Can we
stop that altogether? I don't know. I
saw the wound and I saw another attempt,
but it will not succeed either.
Pray that he keeps strong
against the pressure from the
cartel for the coca. Remember
what the Lord says:
in Colombia,
to bring in conservatives for revival,
he'll have favor.
This is part of the harvest.
So God wants to bring in
conservatives
to bring in revival, but the devil has a
plan to work through weak personalities
because principalities work through
personalities to derail it
through money and influence through the
cartel.
God wants to bring forth revival.
But there's corruption with voter fraud;
this is another nation.
They must pray a hedge of
protection around this leader
so that he doesn't sway to the bad
side.
It's because there's great witchcraft in
this area, and
Santeria
has great influence there.
I see them doing
incantations and things against him—hexes and vexes—for
a foundation to try
to get in with this government.
So you pray for him. If you live in this
area, pray for this.
There's voter fraud, but God wants to
bring revival to your nation.
That's what the Lord says.
It's the same type of shadow
as a Trump, but I'm telling you,
this man is not as strong as Trump.
Don't reserve so much for self. I
see a lot of self; there could be a lot
of pride there, and pride comes before a
fall. Pray for this man, if
you live in this area, to
remain pure, and do not
let the shiny thing distract you.
I see the shiny thing: money.
And the coca leaf, the
white powder. I see the white
powder. They
try to get a stronghold because
of the
white powder.
It's the power of
the white powder. It's the spirit
behind it.
The power of the white powder is
a spirit
attached to witchcraft
and the cartel.
The white powder makes you do stupid
things.
The
Lord says it was never meant to be
snorted. It's
sad.
Money, power, and corruption, private
jets, everything. I see it so easily
dissuade people. It's a 50/50
shot. If the church doesn't
pray for him, he has a 50/50 shot for
the revival to start off good but for
corruption to come in with money laundering and
other
things. I see
scandals with money,
and then his life.
I don't know why the Lord told me this, as
I live in America, but I
see this very clearly. He is
an ally
to President Trump. This would
be the same thing for Venezuela,
Brazil, and
Cuba.
The voter fraud is
manipulated by the cartel.
It's like the mafia: you do
what we tell you to do and we'll make
things happen for you. You already have
the vote,
but we want to make sure we
have your head. We can move you any way we
want to. The cartel is very powerful
there. I see money, coca for the coke,
and I see they're able to turn
the head of the politician. But if they
don't have your attention,
you're in trouble for
assassinations. It's
very dangerous.
This is a multi-billion dollar industry.
Big
bucks.
Thank you, Father, for all that you show
us here. We just pray over
the
leaders. The Lord's raising
up new leaders He wants to put in
because He wants revival across the
land.
But so many corrupt politicians try to
get in. Same with Samuel Cone with
that, with his little friend.
Well, praise the
Lord. I felt that anointing start to lift
off me.
When I saw him get
shot and I saw a bullet pass through
his body, but it will not be fatal. I
saw the cartel actually try to
get rid of this man. There will be
two major attempts, but
the Lord showed me a win.
Today,
they just announced
it.
Get ready for revival,
Colombia.
Gracias.
Well, praise the Lord. Isn't that
amazing? God is so good. We see
the first wave now. I'm
believing for Colombia, Brazil,
and so on.
We're going to see a major red wave
touch the people of South America
and the greatest harvest of souls. I saw
10 million souls in Brazil alone
coming. I'm
excited about it. I'm excited for
Maldonado and his ministry and
what's about to happen in these areas because
he has favor with this
new president, prime
minister, whoever he is. I
believe there will be open doors and
coliseums full of people giving their
hearts to Christ in the days ahead.
It's wonderful.
So, we know what we have to do. We have
to pray for him not to let the
cartel push him around and that
no weapon
formed against him will prosper.
There will not even be a fatal
attempt. This will fall and it will
not happen.
But I saw him win and I saw what
would happen. This is amazing what
the Lord has done and I give God
praise for it. It's
exciting, isn't it, son?
Very exciting where we are.
Do you see how Jesus is bringing
it all about? It's all falling in line.
Cuba is next.
Marco Rubio will lead the
charge.
The greatest harvest of souls will come
in Cuba. There are 10 million people
that live on that island, and I'm
telling you, a major harvest is coming
to Cuba. We see it now here; it's going
to start to happen. I would
venture to say the meetings will be next
year, probably, and the
stadiums will be full of people giving their
hearts to Jesus. I'm excited
about this. It's
amazing; they're excited and
giving God praise. I
don't know if they're giving God praise yet,
but they're excited for their candidate.
I believe in the days
ahead they'll be giving God praise.
It's amazing
just to see this. It's what
I was praying over, and
it's
just like, 'Wow!'The fruit is
happening quickly. Okay, what's next? Do you have
anything
else?
I saw churches burning
mysteriously.
I saw churches burning, and the Lord
said specifically to pray for churches
burning in America, Canada, Toronto,
and Europe. I said they'll be
old churches, and I saw the
Muslim Brotherhood burning these
churches down. Now we have a church
that was set on fire.
I don't know if
they've determined how this happened yet.
Mysteriously, a 173-year-old
church in New York is just
mysteriously burning. So maybe they know
how now; maybe it was an electrical short or
something. But this church, 173 years
old, is burning in New York.
That was what the Lord showed us:
that they'll start to burn the churches.
They'll poke a
giant
in the churches, and the church will rise
up out of persecution.
They won't realize the reaction
from their action; from
their action, there will be a reaction.
So we see the church burning,
and the Lord said there
will be many more churches burning.
Does anybody remember the word about the
churches burning?
There's fire in the churches; I
believe it's symbolic.
There's a major revival about to take
place in America and around the world.
Okay, next.
Go ahead and play the video here.
I said he'll lobby majorly against the Clarity
Act in the days ahead.
And here he is
talking again. Is this Jamie
Dimon?
Yes.
Dimon
is lobbying. He
is upset about the Clarity Act. He does
not want this thing. I want you to
hear what he says today:
'Unfortunately, I'm always an
optimist, but unfortunately, I'm
pessimistic. I'm pessimistic that we're
going to solve our debt problem until
there's a crisis. I hope it's
a mild crisis, but it will
happen one day and the bond
vigilantes will be back and everyone
will act surprised and we'll have to do
something.'He's
wanting a Great
Depression.
He's saying there's a major event about
to take place. Do you all feel it?
I want to ask you all: do you feel,
when you're in prayer privately, like
we're on the
waterfall edge of something major
happening in this nation? And it's not a
good waterfall. Does anybody feel
that waterfall, like we're on the edge of
a major event taking place in our nation
to shake this nation and the world?
There's an event. I keep hearing 'Black
Swan event.'I keep hearing 'many
9/11s,'a
shaking, a 'Red Dawn'experience.
I'm praying against this and
praying for protection. And as
we see—who is this man? Benny
Sabti?
Yeah,
I think he's some kind of Israeli
leader.
Yeah, I think he was born in Iran.
He says maybe the US needs
another Pearl Harbor or 9/11 to remember
who is the enemy and who is the friend.
That's what he said today. I think it
was a very interesting comment.
I've called a Pearl Harbor, and
I saw a Pearl Harbor. The Lord calls
this an 'inner Pearl Harbor event.'I
keep hearing this. And
then when this man said it, Benny
Sabti—whoever, Sabti
or whatever, Sabti
or whatever, I don't know his
name, I'm sorry y'all—said maybe the
US needs another Pearl Harbor or 9/11
to remember who is the enemy and who is
the friend. I thought, 'I've seen this
how many times.'Ground zero—I keep
hearing 'ground zero,'a new ground zero,
a new shaking in America, and all
these things. Praying against this one-world
order and praying
against a Black Swan event.
Do you
have the things about the long-range
missiles? I said I saw them poking
Putin with long-range missiles,
and we see Zelensky today
flying major drones
into
Moscow and blowing things up. It's
the longest drone attack we've seen.
I told you all what I saw
coming: I saw them actually hitting
the Kremlin in the days ahead. I saw the
Kremlin on fire.
There were people running and
screaming as these long-range
missiles and things were going into
Moscow.
It happened. Not the red-tip missiles
that I saw, but they're using drones.
I believe the missiles will happen
eventually.
October 8th is when the Lord
showed this to me.
I see long-range
missiles. I'm talking a barrage
going into Moscow.
Do you hear me?
We see long-range missiles, and they have
a red tip on the top.
The missile goes out like this and
has a red tip on the top,
and they're
going into
Moscow.
It's that missile right there,
the one I'm looking at.
What is that? A
Tomahawk missile. That's what I see
right there.
That's what Trump just gave.
They're
going to use that and
shoot it into Moscow. Do you get what I'm
telling you? I see it so clearly.
They're
going to shoot it out of Ukraine.
It has a red tip on it
and it goes into Moscow.
They're going to use it—I'm repeating
myself—but
they use this red tip. So I believe
it's Tomahawks in the days ahead.
Now, if the drones had a
tip on them, that would be really
accurate, but I don't believe
it's the drones. They're using the
drones; they're provoking it just like
the Lord showed me, but these are not the red-tip
things. Now, they're using them
in this area to blow up the oil
refineries. I saw a cat-and-mouse
that would be no more.
I saw Turkey coming to the aid of
Russia to block off the Black Sea,
and Turkey will start to beat their war
drums. He becomes like a vampire, and
they start to come about with Syria,
Turkey, Russia,
and Iran
to have the Ezekiel 38 and 39 war
soon. And the Lord said, "The door—you
don't realize how close the door is for
this war coming."And
so we see this happening.
And then he's talking about
Poland. So, Poland, go ahead. You could
play about Poland if you need to;
I'd like to see some of that. Zelensky
is
doing what the Lord said he would do.
He's going around making the web, and
it's happening. And now he's having
meetings with Poland.
That fly—I need my little zapper.
He keeps bumping into our light because
he thinks it's the sun, I guess.
You have more videos to play after that.
Show the one on
Ukraine.
So, he's giving him a week.
Give Poland a week
to take out the banks around their
border. He's upset
because Russia is building...
I almost smacked that thing.
Okay,
so what I saw about Poland, and
I said they'll attack Warsaw in the days
ahead. And so I see attacks coming
against Warsaw, but it was from
Russia attacking Warsaw. So I think it's
interesting that this stuff is going on in
Poland now. All this
"well, you better do this, you better do that,"and
there's all this stuff going
on with Belarus. Is that right?
Yeah. Poland.
So, okay,
let's keep going
because this is what the Lord showed us
in prayer well over a year ago. And
they're
striking over here to this bridge. They
went around.
So, they're striking the bridges.
Yeah.
See, this thing is not de-escalating. I
told you I saw the swastika come up.
It was
the Hitler spirit. And that's why the
Lord was showing us to pray for World
War III, and then Turkey came alongside it
with North Korea. And look at the
damage they did to the oil refinery in
Moscow.
They blew that thing up bad.
That is a major money maker
that is no longer going to be able to be
used, obviously.
But okay, keep going.
And then something
happened—I
don't know how this happened. Exposure
reported the world's largest LNG production
facility in Qatar.
So Qatar is on fire. LNG.
I know LNG means...
Does anybody know what LNG is?
Natural gas. Maybe.
You can't see the photo. I wanted to
see the fire
next.
Look at that, man.
Natural gas. Yeah, liquid natural gas.
Next is... I don't know.
We have earthquakes going on.
Greece. Now, save that to what I
saw concerning the last prayer time. That'll
be how we close the news part of
this. Go ahead to the lobbying
against the Clarity Act. And what I
told you I saw at the beginning of last
week, last Sunday, I believe it was,
when I said they're lobbying against the
Clarity Act to try to stop this. They
want to get it implemented and
passed before the 4th of July. Now,
listen to what
Jamie Dimon and all these guys are doing.
"You want me to go cut to
Dimon?"I
don't know. How long is
it?
I don't want to waste their time, but
this is very interesting if you have time to listen to the
whole thing on Fox.
"Technology like Solana that are in
the traditional financial world. A lot
of travel. I go to a lot of conferences,
talk to a lot of people in the
traditional financial world. What I'm
seeing is that there are a lot of
institutions that are interested in
integrating crypto technology like Solana
into their existing systems and
use those rails. I'm also talking to a
lot of asset allocators that are
interested in coming into the crypto
space. But what they are waiting for is
the clear rules of the road, which is,
you know, going back to the Clarity Act,
one of the reasons why it's absolutely
critical that we get this done. I
completely agree with Senator Hagerty on
his comments on the Genius Act that
really opened up the door for all sorts
of new innovation and business activity
around stablecoins. And I think when we
get the Clarity Act done, hopefully this
summer, that is going to provide the
same kind of confidence and direction
that will allow new activity here in the
crypto markets."Yeah,
it's a really important point. And
of course, putting stocks on-chain.
Solana is the fastest and most used
blockchain in the world, handling over
90 to 95% of all tokenized security trading
volume. And you saw a new all-time high
of $3 billion in real-world asset value
on blockchain. Congratulations on that.
Tell us how you see the future changing
on-chain.
"Well, it's just the tip of the iceberg
with getting assets on-chain. Solana
is financial
infrastructure for issuing and trading
assets. You can put any kind of asset on
the Solana blockchain, and we're starting
to see this with equities. We see
this with things like US
Treasuries, money market funds, and private
credit. We're seeing a lot of
experimentation and exploration here. I
think what's really encouraging to me is
SEC Chair Atkins—I think he said
this on an interview with you back in
December. He is very excited about this.
He thinks that this will lead to faster
trading. It will lead to lower
prices. There's a lot of innovation
that can be unlocked when you have
common rails that are used for payments,
equities, etc. And so this is a real
opportunity for the US. I think
for so long the US has been home to the
strongest capital markets in the world.
And if we allow the technology to
continue to upgrade and be competitive,
I think we're going to be able to, you
know, keep this dominance here in the
US for the next 250 years."Well,
that's a big statement.
And so how much oversight is needed
then,, to ensure that
development is not moving offshore?
You're right. Paul Atkins is very
interested in this. He has taken great
leadership on this. Same with Michael Selig,
by the way, over at the CFTC.
What would that backdrop look like? Is
it just clarity? Where do you want
to see that framework and sort
of guardrails in place for this?
"Yeah. Well, clarity really does add the
missing guardrails to this piece.
That being said, it's not as if there is
no authority on the books today. I think
that at the SEC and the CFTC, both of
the chairmen there—they're great
leaders,. They are the
ones that do have some authority to
streamline and update the rules around
how we can do tokenized trading for
securities and derivatives. They have
all indicated that they're very
interested in using that authority and
are working through it now. But I do
think if you look back to the Biden
administration, they did a huge
disservice to the United States."It's...
I mean, she's talking algebra
stuff to people who have no
idea what crypto is. So it's
basically the end-time beast system.
In my opinion of what the Lord has
showed me, this is the
foundation for the beast system. The Clarity
Act will bring forth the beast system
eventually. And you're about to see
implementation of things to bring a new
industrial revolution
in effect that will change
the world, and America will lead the
charge. This is what the Lord has showed
me. As the dollar goes, so the beast
system will come. And so we know what
the Bible says. If you read the Bible,
you know that a one-world order is
coming with a digital mark
of the beast that you
will not be able to buy, sell, or trade
without it. Well, how do you do that?
You can't go to cash and go to sack and
save and buy your groceries anymore
because they can't block you if you
have cash, right? So, you deal away
with cash. You have a mark in your hand
or your forehead. We know what the Bible
says. They'll bring out the mark in
the hand and the forehead and you'll
be able to buy, sell, and trade with
that. If you take that mark, you're
damned for hell forever.
That's what the Bible says.
And so we know that it's coming.
There is no repenting after you take the
Mark of the Beast. I've told you when I
went to the tribulation with Jesus on
July 6, 2014, he took me and I
saw the people who got it become like a
zombie. It changes them.
I want to show you this real quick.
How many
minutes? 35. We're doing good. Keep
going. I want to show that part
right here.
I just spoke with President Trump for
more than 20 minutes and he gave some
new insight and reaction about the
ongoing talks that are taking place in
Switzerland and the threats coming from
the Iranian regime. President Trump
telling Fox News that the US may take
over the Strait in the future if they
have to and collect tolls. The president
described this as the United States
being the guardian angel of the Strait
of Hormuz and the Middle East. And the
president said ultimately that would
involve the US taking 20% of the oil
that passes through the Strait.
Remember this comes in reaction to the
Iranians saying they will close the Strait
of Hormuz in response to
Israeli strikes against Hezbollah in
Lebanon. President Trump tells Fox News
he spoke with Iranian officials
overnight and said, "You close it and
you won't have a country."He went on to
tell these officials, "You won't even
make it back to your effing country."Now,
earlier today, Iran's president, Pezeshkian,
said this about Iranian
enrichment of uranium. The president
also reacting to that. Take a listen:
"We will not give up our right to
enrichment, and they too will be forced
to accept it."You all know what the
so-called president of the United States
was saying. He had made a complete 180-degree
turn. He was saying that Iran
must surrender unconditionally. Iran has
no right to do this. It has no right to
do that.
President Trump during our call
responded directly to those comments by
Iranian President Pezeshkian.
President Trump told Fox News he better
watch his mouth; he better shape up or
we'll take over the rest of the country.
And so clearly the president reacting
directly to these comments from Iran's
President Pezeshkian. And also
President Trump talked about the broader
memorandum of understanding indicating
this is just a ceasefire extension. This
is not the final deal with the Iranian
regime. And the president says he holds
the cards and maintains a variety of
options if the Iranians don't make these
serious commitments at the negotiating
table. He said, "I have a 60-day option
and I can do whatever I want after that option."So
again, President Trump
leaving a variety of considerations
on the table and says that the United
States could become the guardian angel
of the Strait of Hormuz and collect
tolls itself while taking oil around
20%. The president says as it relates to
oil, President Trump also said that 19
million barrels of crude oil exited the
Persian Gulf yesterday as a result of
this memorandum of understanding with
the Iranians.
So big, big statements there from our
president. 20% of all revenue coming out
of there would be billions of dollars.
That's a big push to our economy,
right? The Lord showed us that this
was the valley of decision again
concerning what he does this last week.
And I had big prayer people I talked to,
and this was
on my heart: President Trump is in the
valley of decision on how he handles
Israel and how he handles Iran in the
days ahead. This will make or break the
midterms. This is the major
driving force. Where we are right now
will make or break
the midterms in November for America.
How we handle things concerning an
attack within—I keep seeing it,
and that's why I said this is major
just like it was on the 14th. But I feel
it. When I tell you all
I feel a pulse and I feel the pulse in
my spirit, it feels like
a heartbeat at a doctor's
office and when you're running on a
treadmill, the pulse is stronger.
Your heart's beating
there. That's the way it feels. And it's
not just a beep-beep-beep anymore; it's
a beep-beep-beep-beep-beep. That's what
I feel inside with this praying the
prophetic prayer concerning our nation,
concerning the safety of our people,
concerning Hawaii, and so on.
Let's go real
quick to this. On our last prayer
together on Thursday, I saw Italy and
I saw a shaking in Italy again, but I
saw a magician. It was a
demonic-looking
wizard.
His hat was pointed and he was in
Venice, Italy.
I had Braden help me find
out where this was in the water.
I
kept telling y'all
the east. It's Venice, Italy,
where I saw this wizard wearing this hat.
He was wearing it, but
it was down over his eyes. He had a
massive nose. This was a white man with
a white beard and he
had a baby
blue shirt on that looked like a robe.
His hat looked like this. It was demonic-looking,
but he was faced toward
the Vatican toward Rome looking from
Venice—looking
down south.
But I was watching him and
I heard a shaking is coming. As I
saw
the water around Venice begin to shake
and tremble, it looked like
Jurassic Park whenever you saw
the T-Rex
coming—boom
boom. You know how it
ripples when you drop a
droplet?
It was shaking and it was
deep, dark water. This was not like
Caribbean water; this was deep, dark
water that I was looking into. And as I
was looking into this, I saw a lion
come up out of the land. It looked like
a lion from The Lion King.
This lion came up out of the
land and he had a tail. He had a
streak as he went across the sky. I
saw him go into Africa from Venice. I
saw a streak of light coming up. But
then I saw a vineyard
in Italy. I saw a vineyard that was full
of massive grapes. And the Lord said,
"The harvest is plentiful."And
I could see these grapes in the
vineyard that was full of beautiful
purple grapes, just beautiful grapes.
And the harvest was plentiful.
And I saw a cleansing upon the land. As
that wizard was standing there,
white pure soap bubbles started to
swarm this wizard. And the bubbles began
to overtake this wizard as a cleansing
started to happen in Venice,
Italy.
And the bubbles begin to come up. And I
could see the cobblestone streets that
look like old streets begin to be
cleansed.
And I saw a shaking in the
Vatican again. I saw a cleaning of house
in the Vatican. And I saw the bubbles
begin to bubble. And I saw the grapes in
the vineyards. But then I saw an oil in an
olive grove. Olives on an olive
tree were being plucked.
And I saw a turning of a crank on an
olive press.
On the lips of the preachers was
fresh oil.
Fresh Holy Ghost oil started to come
from the mouth of the preachers.
"The harvest is plentiful, the laborers
are few."But I saw a harvest on
the preachers and the lips in Canada,
in Toronto, and in Europe. And oil
started to come from their mouth—a
fresh new oil started to come from the
land
and the press. And as I saw persecution
coming, I saw brand new, fresh oil coming from their
mouths.
As I saw the streak of this lion
going into Africa, I saw
a massive tree sprung forth out of
Africa. And I could see
the sun beginning to rise in
the east.
As I was watching the sun, it
looked like a bonsai tree. It was a
massive tree. And the Lord said, "It has
deep roots into the water. It's a place
of refuge."And
I saw this tree was symbolic for
life.
And I saw revival beginning to come.
Braden, did you create this?
No, somebody sent this too.
Okay, because I thought you made that
with AI, because that's exactly what I
saw.
Yeah, somebody sent that too.
Okay, that's what I saw. And it
had beautiful pinks and all the
colors, but that was the tree. It looked
like a bonsai tree. I thought you might
have created that, son. I thought that
was pretty cool.
Good job, whoever did that, because
that's what I saw. And the sun was
coming up and I saw revival begin. But
it had to do with the tree. There was a
tree in his life and the roots
were down deep. And I saw the
bigger the tree, the deeper the root
went down in the water, and it
represented something. So this is a tree
of life, which represented life.
The Lord said, "Life."And then I kept
hearing, "Amore, amore."And
Braden said, "That is love. Amore is love,
Dad. Amore is love."But I heard, "That's amore."Amore
over Italy—a love. God is
love. Love was being
shed abroad all over the
land of Italy and Europe. Love became—over
love, amore. He kept saying amore,
which is love in Italy, I guess. I don't
know. I thought it was interesting
because his words... I'm ignorant.
And the Lord said, "Amore."And
I could hear love. And then he said,
"Love, Dad."He kept telling me after it
was over, he said, "Dad, love is."So, I
thought that was pretty sweet.
Because God is love. So then I saw
South Korea
and I saw what seemed like a
stagnant
pool of water that was beautiful-looking
water, but it looked like
it was becoming toxic. It didn't look as
good. And all of a sudden, the water
became a geyser in the middle of the
water.
It became alive
and the pool became a marsh.
Beautiful trees and beautiful flowers
and beautiful things started to come up
out of this water that looked like
a marsh in South Korea. And
the water table got
higher and higher.
And then it started to overflow into
other parts of Asia, into Japan, into
North Korea, into Vietnam and the
Philippines, China. And I saw a
modern-day Pentecost, a modern-day Azusa
Street started to spring forth out of
South Korea. And a great revival began
in South Korea. And the Lord said, "A
modern-day Asian
revival like Azusa will take place in
South Korea. For old wells of revival
will bring forth new ones."And I saw a
well become uncapped and it started
to spring forth life out of South Korea
and the gospel was spread all
throughout the Asian nations
on a modern-day Azusa Street. The Lord said,
"Out of South Korea."I
got so excited about that and I
kept looking in the spirit and then I
saw Taiwan and I saw China had a plan to
take Taiwan.
And I heard, "The Iron Curtain
will not take place yet over Taiwan, for
I will hold it back."The Lord said, "I
will hold back the Iron Curtain that
would try to come on with communism over
the people of
Taiwan."It
was conditional. The people must rise
up and pray. And as I saw the praying, I
saw South Korea and Japan and
Australia and the Philippines—people of the
other nations rising up and
saying, "Listen, we're not going to
allow this to take place yet."And
I saw a front saying, "We're not going to allow this.
We're not going to allow
you to take this."And I
saw a covering over them for a span of ten
years. And I
told you in the middle of the vision, I
said, "I don't usually quote time frames,
but what is 3 plus 7?"I
said seven years of tribulation. I
believe we have three years—two of this timeframe
and then going into the Shemitah
cycle into 2029.
2028, 2029. There's a three-year window.
The Shemitah cycle, the new one is at
2028,
fall of 2028, going all the way into
2029.
The Shemitah cycle.
Okay. So I believe that Jesus Christ's
return is around a Shemitah cycle. A Shemitah
cycle is seven years. The
tribulation lasts seven years. So if it
begins when the Shemitah cycle ends, it
will last a seven-year tribulation, a
seven-year cycle, which is the ten years.
I said, "I see a ten-year window."So
we'll see. I try not to do that, but
I tell you what I see. I'm very
upfront and bold with y'all. I see a
decade window. And I was like, "What am I
seeing? What is this?"That it will
happen during the tribulation.
Taiwan will fall during the tribulation from
what I saw. Now, could I miss it?
Yeah, I'm human. I can miss it.
But I just appreciate y'all praying
alongside me and we'll see what happens
with this. But I saw a covering over
Taiwan and I saw Kim Jong-un will be
judged and there'll be a revival
come. And then I saw a whirlwind whipping
around in Australia. I saw a major
whirlwind with glitter all in this—looked
like a dust storm, but it
wasn't. It was a Holy Ghost gold storm.
And I saw music notes writing on this.
You know how you see Saturn's rings in
the pictures?
They were very clear, but it
looked similar to FootJoy.
FootJoy has a brand, a
golfing brand, that has—sometimes
they'll put a storm like... I
don't know, I try to explain
things to you what it looked like, but it
looked like a beautiful dust storm made
of gold glitter.
And as these musical notes came out of
it, they were black but they had glitter
all over them and the Lord said, "New
sounds of heavenly worship will come
forth out of this."And I saw
the heart of the Father full of
joy for the new song that was coming
forth.
I saw songs coming out that were
praises from the throne room, new songs
coming out of Australia again. I saw
revival coming to Australia. I saw a
major harvest of souls coming out of
Australia, but a heavenly worship
sound will come up out of
Australia.
So I think that's it. Did I cover
everything?
No.
Okay. So Braden has something else.
Yeah, you saw
Africa. You saw a sun rising over
eastern Africa,
right?
Bonsai. Yeah, he said that.
Okay. And then you saw America. You saw
the flag standing wild.
And then you saw Canada. Yeah, he said
that.
I saw the pressure on Canada. Canadians—but
I said darkness was over America and
I could see a storm and I saw the Statue
of Liberty and her flame
became a light, but it looked dark. There
was darkness surrounding her and her
torch—there
was a fog around her
torch and the torch was rising up but
this fog looked like a beacon on
it. This light out of the torch became a
beacon of light through fog and I could
see that the Statue of Liberty was going
through some darkness.
I don't know what this is. I'm trying to
figure this out. They're saying last
night they received an alert on a national emergency,
but it's a hack declaring an alien...
Last night, millions of Brazilians
received an alert through their national
emergency broadcast system declaring an
alien invasion had begun.
Authorities later claim that their
emergency broadcast
system was hacked.
Okay. The incident follows a prediction
by a highly popular Brazilian psychic
with 23 million followers on Instagram
who predicted a UFO is going to appear
and abduct hundreds of people at the
upcoming June 24th World Cup.
I don't want to hear her false prophecy; that's
demonic.
I don't want to see that. I wasn't reading that.
Yeah,
that they had this thing saying there's
a...
so even the devil's crowd gets in on it.
I told you what was coming. The Lord
said that they will have great deception
in the days ahead concerning this. Now
the devil's crowd is on it. Something's
about to happen on this. I said I saw a
UFO, a flying object over the Mayan
temples. I saw it over the Vatican, and I
saw this mothership that looked
like a ball of light. It was a
fiery ball of light that
dispersed, and then tons of little ships
came out of it and they started shooting
around the East Coast and other parts of
America. It looked like a
streak of light that was the size of a
car. A massive ball becomes little balls,
and I saw them shooting all over the
place, and people were freaked out. They
had it on TV; they were filming it and
everything. Then I said they'll
eventually have an interview on the
television with a fallen
demonic spirit, and
they're going to interview this thing
and they're going to talk to it, and it's
going to talk back. Okay. So, we went
and saw—was it Deception? Inception?
What is it called? Steven
Spielberg. We saw the movie...
Disclosure Day. There you go. Disclosure
Day.
Creepy. Very creepy
movie. They have the alien on TV going
to interview it. I said, "Has he been
watching our videos making the movie on
the broadcast?"They're getting people ready.
The Lord already told us this was
coming. They're going to try to
desensitize you. Why are they doing
this? To explain away the Rapture. Where
did the body of Christ go? Where did
millions and millions of people go when
they disappeared? All of a sudden, the
Antichrist comes on the scene and tells
everybody they were taken by the aliens.
I'm telling you, that's where
they're going to tell everybody we
all went. When
I had the visitation in 2014, the Lord
said, "Right before I come, there will
be a major deception, son,
telling everybody where everyone went.
They're going to start to explain it
away. They're going to have lots of
things in the news about aliens."And
when I first talked about this, I
remember telling the people at my church
where I was, and they laughed at me. They
said, "Oh, you are so flaky."I said,
"No, I'm telling you what's coming. The
Lord Jesus told me to warn you there'll
be great deception in the days ahead."Then
we see Perry Stone, Joseph Z, and
some of these others like
Dilio Allen,
and a lot of these other pastors
all come on there. They said they had a
senator. This is what the Lord told us.
I've been saying this for years since
2022. Plus, I came on the internet and
started telling you all you
ought to watch this. This is what's
coming. And now it's being verified by
other men of God. They're all saying it.
And I'm telling you, I've seen it. It
looks like a stick man,
and it comes out and it's about 12 feet tall
and it's going to tell everybody all
these things and it's going to freak
everybody out. They're going to explain
things away. Now we have Steven
Spielberg coming out and making movies
about it. It was
creepy. The girl started talking in a
weird tongue on the
screen. I was like, "Okay, this is too
much.
This is what I'm talking about."To
me, it was like watching
a vision while watching the movie, and I just sat
there and went, "Man,
they're going to try to deceive all
these people."So
here we are; we have it in
Brazil and Oaxaca, and all these things.
They're trying to play around with
people, but I said watch in the days
ahead, which is interesting too. I kept
telling you all, "Watch the
green and white
jersey."Mexico
won again two times, and they're going
to the next round. I said, "Watch this.
This is the time."I said I see it in
New Jersey. Pray over this timeframe.
Pray over the World Cup
concerning the white and the green
jersey.
It looks like an Adidas
jersey; it was white and green.
Okay, next.
I think that's it.
That concludes the part
of our show right now, what I call
our prophetic update, of all the things
that are happening in the world with the
signs of the times and the coming of the
Lord Jesus Christ. Do you have an
urgency inside of you? Do you have an
urgency that Jesus Christ is coming? Do
you feel it? Do you feel an urgency even
more today than what you had yesterday?
I believe Jesus is coming sooner than
later, and I believe it's time to start
looking up. Is your lamp full of oil?
Are you looking for the coming of the
Lord? Honey,
I have to have my communion. I can't go
on without my communion.
Are you looking for the coming of the
Lord? He's coming, ladies and gentlemen.
My heart's so full of it,
so excited.
I know what waits for us on the other
side. People say, "Brandon, you
talk about all this."Yes, because I've
seen it. I know what He has
for us. I know that Jesus Christ
has a plan for your life. He loves
you, and I'm ecstatic about it.
I was excited because I talked to Donne
on the phone. I invited
her to come over here for
Father's Day, but she invited me to come
over there. She said, "Brandon, I want
you to come over here."So, I went on
her broadcast today because I wanted her
to come over here and talk about things regarding
her dad and
her childhood memories
for Father's Day.
But I don't think she felt comfortable
with that, and that's fine. She
wanted me to come over there, so I
went over there and talked on her show
for an hour and a half today.
There was a different crowd—a
good crowd over there—and
we had over 20 salvations.
Braden thought over 20 salvations
plus. So, we were excited about that
today. For new faces and
people that never probably listened
to me, 20-some-odd salvations plus.
All glory to Jesus. It
was exciting; I felt the presence
of the Lord real strong.
They're such a cool family. They have
a new lion T-shirt
coming out.
Her husband's an artist; I didn't
realize he could draw pictures like
that. She has a really cool lion face
T-shirt they're going to be
doing, and I want one. It has blue
eyes. It was sweet.
Her husband is
an artist and was drawing pictures
of Jesus with an American flag.
It was really cool what they're
doing, and it was nice to be a
part of that. If you didn't see
that video and you didn't know I
was over there, you can go check it out
on House of Destiny and check that
video out. Support her channel.
I was so excited to be
over there. I don't do very many of
those collabs. In fact, the last time I
had a collab was on
July 11th on the
anniversary of Trump's assassination attempt—well,
that
was July 11th of last year.
It was a year anniversary, so it'll be
two years this year.
I haven't done one since.
I just don't ever really go
that direction. I know I get a lot of
invitations to be interviewed,
but I
just don't ever do it. But I sure like
the Kim Clement people; they're
good folks. They love the
Lord and they're real. I get so tired of
all the fakeness of Christian TV;
I don't want to be a part of
it. I like when people are
just real and
down to earth.
When you talk to them, I feel
like you've known them for years.
All right, let's pray. Do you want to pray
with me and go tubing for a little
bit? Let's see what the Lord does here.
I never know what's going to
happen. It's always different every
time, isn't it? Every time, I just yield
over to him and I wait for him.
If the cloak doesn't come on, I don't see anything.
It's as cold as
touching a stove. So I'm dependent on
that. I don't know, you know, I just
sit here and wait on him. So, Father, I
thank you, Lord, for your body. I thank
you, Lord, for all that you've done this
week as we start this new week off and
we get ready to close out June. We
have one full week left of June, and we
want to finish this week strong.
Father, if there's anything you want to
show us, is there anything you want us
to pray over? Praying over our
nation, praying over Brazil, praying
over that president, praying over what
you showed us about that? I'm so excited
that a conservative won.
Lord, we take this body and we are
so grateful for all that you've done.
That you would call us to the kingdom
for such a time as this and that you
would even look our direction is just
amazing.
Thank you, Lord, that you call us your
own. Thank you, Lord, that you call me
your
son, you call my wife your
daughter, and you call my son your son,
and Father, my daughters. Father, I'm so
thankful for every person that's
represented here tonight. We have 7,400
here.
Father, all 7,400 of us as we
pray, we touch the nations for you. And
Lord, we just yield ourselves over to you,
Father, that you become big on the
inside of us. We're wall-to-wall Holy
Ghost. And Father, we take this body in
the name of Jesus, and we just
want to say thank you. Thank you, Lord,
that you dwell on the inside of us. And
we take this body in Jesus'name.
Lord, we thank you for the blood. We
make much of the blood, and the blood
makes much of us. We apply the blood of
Jesus over our minds, our wills, and our emotions—uninterrupted
and
unhindered by any satanic or demonic
force.
I thank you, Father.
I hear your voice, and a stranger's voice I
will not follow.
And I'm expecting the biggest revival
ever.
And Father, we'll pray into it like
Finney,
and we'll pray into it like Nash. We'll
pray into it, Father, and we
take this time serious with you.
I apply the blood of Jesus all around
this room. I apply the blood of Jesus
all around this house. I plead
the blood of Jesus over my wife, my
children, and me. And I plead the blood
over my eyes. If there is anything you
want to show me, Lord, I'm here.
Father, we're not here to
make up stuff or do anything other than
just be yielded to you.
We're just yielded to you, Holy Spirit.
Have your way, Lord.
We take the blood right now in
Jesus'name.
We make much of the blood. The blood
makes much of us.
It's all about relationship.
We say, 'Have your own way, Lord.
Have your own way.
You are the potter; I am
the clay.
Mold me and make me
after thy will,
while I am waiting,
yielded and still.
Have your own way, Lord.
Have your own way.
You are the potter; I am
the clay.
Mold me and make me
after thy will,
while I am waiting, yielded and still.'We
don't care about what
the people are saying in the
chat. Son, if you're distracted with it,
don't bother it. Just turn it off if you
have to.
Flow.
'Have thy own way, Lord.
Have thy own way.
Thou art the potter;
I am the clay.
Mold me and make me
after thy will,
while I am waiting,
yielded and still.'Lord,
we thank you that you have
your own way with us.
We thank you, Lord, that you have your
own way.
'Have thy own way, Lord.
Have thy own way.
Search me and try me,
Savior today.
Wash me just now, Lord.
Wash me just now.
As in thy presence,
humbly I bow.
Have thy own way, Lord.
Sing it and make it personal.
Focus as you're singing and focus in
your heart as you sing it
right to him.
Have thy own way.
Wounded and weary,
help me I pray. Thine is the
power, all power
is thine.
Touch me and heal me,
Savior divine.
Have thy own way, Lord.
Have thy own way.
Thou art the potter;
I am the clay.
Mold me and make me
after thy will,
while I am waiting.'I
can tell you what I see.
I hear bomb shelters.
I hear the sound of the sirens going.
They sound like the tornado
sirens.
I see that there's no one moving around
for the anticipation of a storm that is
about to take place.
People are in their
storm shelters. I see the
storm in the distance.
I see the clouds in the sky.
I see the sun poking through the
clouds,
and I hear the sound of the sirens
blowing throughout the land.
I see a car that's on fire.
It's by a gas station.
Repair, repair, repair. You are
in the cleft
of his rock.
I see people in that place of
protection, the cleft of the rock.
I see
the earthquake.
on the Mississippi River, I see an
earthquake on the Mississippi River.
I see it again, son.
From Texarkana all the way through Tulsa.
I see a major earthquake.
Mar-a-Lago.
That's what I
see. I see Don Jr. very bold in
this vision. It is very clear.
Pray for this man's life. Pray
for the protection of Don Jr. This is
very serious. I see
President Trump at Mar-a-Lago. I
see Melania; I see grieving.
This is a storm around him again.
A shaking in the nation, a shaking.
It's symbolic:
the shaking in the middle of
the nation.
And then I'm looking at Mar-a-Lago.
I see a storm. I see
the bands of
a major hurricane. I see the
beginning bands of a major hurricane.
Every plot, every plan, every pursuit
across for his children, Father, I thank
you, Lord, that it falls.
No weapon formed against Don Jr., Eric,
Ivanka, Kai, and Tiffany, all of
them. I
thank you,
Lord, that there's a covering over
the children in the name of
Jesus.
I cover his children in the name of
Jesus. We thank you, Lord, that they're
always in the right place at the right
time.
I still see this storm on Don. Even
when I said that, I see a
darkness.
I see a dark wave trying to come on
him
in DC.
And I see now, I see Elon
Musk.
You know what's interesting? This is
like in a petri dish. And in this petri
dish, I see injection of eggs.
I see human
embryos. And I see injection
of like a needle injecting into these human
embryos
in a dish.
And it's something to do with
Switzerland.
I see Switzerland.
It's very clear.
Something to do with Switzerland.
Have your own way, Lord.
Have your way.
You are the potter; I am
the clay.
Mold me and make me
after thy will,
while I am waiting,
yielded and still.
I see something very dark.
Have your way, Lord.
Have your way.
You are the potter; I am
the clay.
Wash me just now, Lord.
Wash me just now
as in thy presence
humbly I bow.
This summer is very different.
Have your way, Lord.
Have your way.
You are the potter; I am
the clay.
Mold me and make me
after thy will,
while I am waiting,
yielded and still.
Hallelujah.
It's with CERN. There's things with
CERN,
dark matter and things that are
very dark
with the summer solstice.
It's darkness around the
summer solstice.
There's darkness around this.
It was with Stonehenge.
Do you hear me? There's witchcraft
involved in this. There's something
about CERN and the darkness
that is involved around Stonehenge and
this darkness about the summer.
I see a shifting because of the
summer, but I see a shifting concerning
this darkness.
There's roots to it. How is Elon Musk
involved in this? What is that?
It's the roots of it,
not indirectly,
but it's the technological. It's
something with the tech side.
It's the
AI. So, I don't want to sit there when I
see Elon Musk, I see
AI. This is what I'm talking
about: the new industrial
revolution.
It's AI. He is the
king of this. Do you get it? Elon Musk
represents, in my opinion, Tesla,
the new
Albert Einstein of all of it. He's
brilliant, but he represents the
chip. He represents Neuralink. He
represents Starlink. He represents so
much more than just Elon Musk. He is the
root of end times,
the beast system,
everything unfolding. His mind is how it
involves—I'm
not trying to say he's
evil, I'm saying his creations are
the new wave. It's
what unwraps the whole thing: AI,
quantum computing.
It's the genetic splicing, the
genetic AI with what I'm seeing with
this embryo. I see an embryo, but
I'm seeing CERN. I'm seeing there's
something dark here. But it had to do
with the summer solstice.
It's entering into a new timeframe.
The Lord said entering into a new
timeframe
all the way to fall.
The birthing pains will
be
increasing.
And what's interesting is as
I'm going from Brazil, I'm going all
across the world and I'm seeing—I go
into Switzerland. I went into all these
different places and I'm going through
and I'm seeing change,
abrupt change with the storm.
The sirens are blowing.
The air raid sirens are going off.
It's a warning.
Now I see Putin. I see Ukraine.
I hear Ukraine.
Come up higher.
In the fore,
did you play? Did you show him that?
That's a demonic thing and
it's something to do with—I
don't know how to
say it's conjuring. It's a
shifting of the spirit realm concerning
summer,
but it has to do with CERN. It has to do
with the AI. It has to do with the new
industrial revolution.
It's entering into a new
timeframe.
I see an angel of great
beautiful blue eyes.
I see that angel that come and put his
hand upon my lips and he said, 'Hush
now. They're not dead. I see him again.'He
said, 'Hush now.
They are not dead.'You
can only hear it if you're dead.
Only hear it. You can only hear what I
have to say unless you're dead.
Hush now for they are not dead.
You say, 'What does that mean to be dead
to self?'I'm
there again.
I'm at the table again with JP
Morgan. I hear them.
I see crypto on one side. I see the
banks on the other.
They're having a meeting.
Everybody can know.
It's about a timeframe.
And you know what's
interesting? I see the river. I see the
River Church. I see Rodney Howard-Browne
for some reason.
I see financial breakthroughs coming for
these people. And it's involved around
this right here what I'm talking
about. I see the same of John
Kilpatrick. I see financial
breakthrough coming from people.
The man that follows Rodney Howard-Browne around—remember
Braden, when we
went and he was at the baby center
and the man that walked up and shook our
hand, the blond-headed man with the slick-backed
hair that follows Rodney Brown
around? They shook our hand. There's
money coming on this man.
I don't know this man's name,
but I see his face. The man with the slick-backed
hair that's like an associate
pastor, somebody who follows Rodney Howard-Browne
around, this guy, he helps him. I
see this man coming into a lot of money.
There's a lot of blessing coming on this
man.
It's concerning—there's
something about
investments concerning the man with the
blonde hair.
He looks like a businessman.
I see his face. He goes to Rodney Howard-Browne's
church.
It's about money concerning him.
Now, why would you show me this, Lord?
That's the man right there.
I see him.
Great financial breakthroughs coming to
that man in
one day. I hear the Lord say in one day
everything is going to change and
financial breakthrough will come to him
and it will fund the gospel throughout
there. I'm talking supernatural
finances coming to this man, and in a
day, everything will change.
This is
supernatural;
I'm hearing supernatural concerning this
man. Now, that's interesting to me. The
Lord would pick out one individual man
like that.
For he has sown and sacrificed, and the Lord said breakthrough is coming to this man. Sacrificial of time, sacrifice of his life. He has
sacrificed, and
the Lord's
going to reward him openly.
That's very interesting concerning that
man. I don't know these people.
I just see things and the Lord gives me
things. Why in the middle of a
broadcast like that? I don't know.
I just follow him.
I see the same with
the river. The
Lord's going to use the river.
They said, 'Well, I receive it.'I'm sure
they will. I will, too.
The rocket ship's about to take off. The
Lord said the rocket ship, the end-time
funding, the end-time rocket ship is
about to take off. He says,
'But it's coming in all different waves,
not just one avenue. It will come
through multiple avenues.'A
stimulation of the
economy,
a short window, a small window.
And I see one of
those record players that has the metal
speaker on it. You know
where you play the little record player
and you have the metal thing on it? I
see that right now. And it's being
amplified.
It's playing a record:
'I believe
in miracles.
I've seen
a soul set free.
Miraculous,
the changing
one
redeemed through Calvary.
I've seen
the lily push its way
up through the stubborn
sod.
I
believe in miracles
for I
believe in
God.'It
will be a miracle.
There will be miracles:
spirit, soul, body.
People have been
sowing
and
the Lord said it's harvest time.
Get your buckets ready.
Receiving time has come.
Harvest time has come.
Call forth the seeds you've sowed in the
past, for it is time for them to come to
harvest at last.
Harvest time has come. Get your
baskets ready. You don't want
just a little bucket. I want a
basket full. Baskets like
twelve—overflow,
like the disciples. Oh, everybody had a
basket. I want a basket full of fishes
and loaves there, Lord. It's time,
Lord.
That's the song. Do you hear me, son?
'I believe
in miracles.
It's a miracle.
I've seen
a soul
set free.
Miraculous,
the change in one
redeemed through Calvary.'I've
seen the lily push its way
up through the stubborn sod.
I believe
in miracles,
for I
believe in God.
This is a miracle. There'll be financial breakthroughs
and miracles coming.
There's financial breakthrough and
miracles. And I see that angel. Hush
now. Hush now.
He that has ears to hear, let him hear
what the Spirit is saying. It's time for
miracles, signs, and wonders.
But the jet fuel to the revival is here.
It's time to start saying it's here.
It's time to say the breakthrough is
here. You say, 'What's the jet
fuel?'It's
the funding. It's the foundation
for the funding.
He said, 'I'll make you a deca in a
day.'Yep,
that's what he said. If you're listening
to him,
it's the funding of
the Gospel. It's the funding of the
end-time
harvest.
I believe.
Do you see? It's just as much of a
miracle
if somebody gets healed of something
that's incurable than to come out of
spiritual poverty and physical poverty.
It's a deliverance. It's to turn their
life around so they're able to do what
God's calling them to do. That's what he
said. I'm setting the boomers free.
I'm getting the boomers ready, for
they'll help me with my harvest.
There'll be a lot of people retired.
There'll be a lot of people getting
ready to get in position and be in the
location of what God has called you to
do because we're the end-time move.
As you see Brazil and you see Colombia
and you see these major nations get
breakthroughs that they've been
underneath dictators and evil people,
and all of a sudden they got
breakthrough, you're going, 'How did
this happen?'It's just the hand of the
Lord. It's a miracle.
You see a modern-day miracle.
People voted. Well, it's a modern-day
miracle. Watch what happens, what God
does with it.
The greatest harvest of souls will come
out of Colombia.
We call protection over that man in the
name of Jesus that they will not take
his life. They will not. And he will
stay the course
for what God has called him to
do. And the Holy Spirit will work
through.
I believe
in miracles.
I've seen
a soul set free.
Miraculous!
The changing
one
redeemed
through Calvary.
I've seen
the lily push its way
up through the stubborn sod.
I believe
in miracles,
for I
believe in God.
It's a miracle.
You're about to see miracles in all
kinds of different ways. Don't
limit God in your natural mind. Think
bigger.
Enlarge your capacity to believe God for
more, for he has greater things in store
going into the rest of 2026 and 2027.
Believe God for more in those
timeframes.
Supernatural turnaround in your
ability to believe him. You say, 'Well,
I've had doubt and unbelief all this time.'It's
time to shut it
off like a beggar's cloak. I refuse to
doubt anymore; I believe God for it. I'm
taking all boundaries off. I'm believing
God for—hey, why not?
There's an
expiration date on everything that
you've been going through: healing,
finances, deliverance. You say, 'Well,
I've been bound by this for so long,
Brother Brandon. I've been on drugs for
so long. I don't ever think I could ever
get free.'But the Bible says, 'For whom
the Son has set free is free indeed.'Jesus
Christ paid the price for you to
walk in victory over addictions,
over all kinds of addiction. It doesn't
matter if it's some kind of perversion
or drugs or alcohol or whatever. Jesus
Christ paid the price for you to walk in
victory over it.
Spiritual leprosy—poverty,
lack, not enough, barely
getting by—is spiritual
leprosy. I said, 'I refuse to be poor
anymore. I refuse to barely get by.'Why?
Because we've got to get this Gospel
preached. You said, 'Well, Brandon, I don't...'then
stay there. But I believe
he'd give seed to the sower.
He said he'll give seed to the sower.
How much more will he take care—if he
takes care of the lily of the
field and the sparrow of the air—how
much more will he take care of his sons
and his daughters?
How much more? I believe him for more. I
believe. Let's get this Gospel preached.
Let's get done and let's get out of
here. Aren't you excited for Jesus's
return? But he's not coming back with a
broke, busted, and disgusted church.
He's coming back for a church who has a
backbone like a crowbar. And we're
taking the land for Jesus one last time—one
last harvest, one major push for the
greatest harvest of souls this world has
ever seen before.
He's not coming back for a weak, anemic
church; he's coming back for a glorious
church.
It's time for the church to rise up and
be the church,
and for the pastors to preach
repentance,
for there will be no revival without
true repentance.
We must tell the people to repent and
turn from their wicked ways. Jesus
Christ is coming, and he's coming back
for a church without spot or wrinkle.
We're that church. I believe we
will not taste death. Jesus is coming,
but he's coming back for a harvest. He's
leaving the ninety-nine and going after the one
right now.
It's time for joy to flood the church again.
It's
time for healing. It's time for
blessings and miracles and creative
miracles.
For it is the goodness of God that
brings man to repentance. And that's
what I hear inside of my spirit right
now. It's his goodness and
mercy, just like when he said, 'I will
let my goodness and my mercy pass
before you.'Moses said,
'Show me your glory, Lord.
Show me your glory.'It
is in Exodus 33:18 through 23. Then
Moses said, 'Now show me your glory.'I
believe the glory from the former house—it
will be greater in the latter
house. It's going to be the glory of the
former house and the latter house
combined.
The greatest move of God this planet has
ever seen before.
It's been prophesied and prophesied and
prophesied. What's the domino? I'm telling
you, the harvest is plentiful
and laborers are few, but it takes money
to get it done. And I'm seeing the
rocket fuel is about to take off. If
you're listening,
if you're dead to self...
And the Lord said, 'I will cause all my
goodness to pass in front of you, and I
will proclaim my name, the Lord, in your
presence. I will have mercy on whom I
will have mercy, and I will have
compassion on whom I will have
compassion.'He's
going to have compassion on your
household today. He's going to have
mercy on you today as goodness and mercy
is passing by your house today. Lord,
show me your glory.
Touch me with your fire again, Lord.
Touch me with your fire. Touch me with
that fire, God. Let us take it like it
was with the man. He was in there and
he said, 'I'm a man of unclean lips.'And
the angel took down the coal and put
it on his lips and the fire touched his
lips. He says, 'Send me, Lord.'It's
an all-hands-on-deck experience
right now. You may be white-collar, blue-collar,
I don't care what you do. You
may be a janitor or a doctor, but God
will use whoever will say, 'Here am I,
Lord. Send me.'It's
time to come out of the religious
Pharisee thinking and come up higher
with the fire because he's coming back.
Church,
'Woe to me,'I cried. 'I am ruined, for I am
a man of unclean lips, and I live among a
people of unclean lips.'America,
all around the world—we live in
a land of unclean lips. And my eyes
have seen the King, the Lord
Almighty.
And that angel took down that coal and
he put it on his lips.
And I believe he'll do the same today
for you.
I believe he'll do the same for you.
Then one of the seraphim flew to me
with a live coal in his hands which he
had taken with tongs from the altar,
and with it he touched my mouth
and said, 'See, this has touched your
lips. Your guilt is taken away and your
sins are no more.
They're gone.'And Jesus paid the price
for you to walk in that victory.
Your sins are no more. The moment you
confess them, he is faithful and just to
forgive you of your sins and cleanse you
of all unrighteousness. But it doesn't
mean you go back to the slop
you were forgiven of and say,
"I'm going to go live in that."We've
got to be called and separated and be
holy for him. "Be ye holy as I am holy."He
said, "And be ye imitators of God as
dear children imitate their Father."I
will imitate my
Father in heaven, and I will stand
before him, and he will say, "Well done,
thy good and faithful servant,"when the
day comes.
You're running out of time.
The ark door is closing on this
dispensation of grace.
Jesus Christ is coming; he's standing at
the door. But I believe there's one last
push, one last harvest of souls.
And right now, what I'm seeing tonight
is we're about to see the rocket fuel
to fuel this rocket called the
greatest revival. You say, "Well,
Brandon, why do we need finances? You
don't have a megachurch, do you?"It
takes a lot of money to run big
churches. It takes a lot of money to get
the food or whatever
you have—the outreach
flyers, pamphlets, electric bills. It
needs it, and I'm telling you, we're
about to see it. When you think there are
only 340 million people in
America
and there are eight billion-plus in the world,
think about how much it takes just to
fill an auditorium for the Texas
Rangers or the Dallas Cowboys where there are 80,000-plus
people.
You're not thinking big enough.
He said, "I wish that none should perish,
but all come to repentance."What does it
take just to flush all those
toilets for the Dallas Cowboys when they
have to go to the bathroom?
And everybody in the line is saying, "I've
got to go to the bathroom,"and the
women are lined down the hall waiting to
go to the bathroom. All those toilets
cost money to flush. That's just 80,000 people.
We've got to think bigger.
Enlarge your capacity to believe God for
more.
He said, "You think too small.
I died for all of you."He is
leaving the 99 to go after the one, and there are
so many ones right now.
If you're here tonight and you tell me,
"Brandon,
I feel stirred. I feel like I
need what you're talking about. I want to make
a change. I don't want to go to hell."There's
a heaven to gain and a hell to
shun. If you're here tonight and you've
never accepted Jesus Christ as your Lord
and personal Savior, tonight's your
night.
You must confess your sins before a holy
God and tell him, "I am a sinner and I
need a savior.
Tonight's your night."Or
you may be the Christian who's
backsliding. You may be living unrighteously.
You used to be on
fire for God; you used to be
sold out to him, but over the course of
time, you've allowed your lamp to go
empty. But tonight, the Holy Spirit
wants to fill you with the Holy Ghost and
fire again.
He wants to stir you from the top of
your head to the soles of your feet.
Tonight's your night to turn. As the prodigal
son was lying in the pit, he came
to himself and said, "I can go back
to my father's house."And the father was there
with his coat and said, "Slaughter
the calf; my son is home."Tonight's
the night.
Don't wait one more day thinking, "Well,
I'll do it tomorrow."You may not have
tomorrow. Today is the day of salvation.
There may not be another day. The very
shoes you put on today to go to work,
the very shoes you put on today to do
whatever you're going to do, the
undertaker might be taking them off that
night.
Now is the time of salvation.
You say, "Well, Brandon, would you
please pray for me?"and I say, "Yes,
I'll pray for you right now. But I want
you to be bold about your decision and
tell in the comment section:
Tonight's my night. I want to give my
heart to Jesus.
I'm coming.
Tonight's my night. I want to come home.
I don't want to live this way anymore.
I'm tired of being depressed. I'm tired
of feeling lonely. I'm tired of feeling
like I can't get out of
this hole.
Jesus Christ paid the price and he's an
ever-present help in a time of need. He's
always there and he loves you. He's
never turned his back on you; you turned
your back on him. He's not going to send
you to hell; you choose hell
by rejecting him.
So if I'm talking to you tonight, I
want to say this simple prayer for you
and you just say it with all your heart.
When you get real with God, God will get
real with you. He'll become real to you
and he will change you from the inside
out. But you've got to yield yourself
over to him and say, "Jesus, I need
you."Say,
"Jesus, I believe you're the son of
God.
I believe you died for me and you rose
again on the third day.
Tonight, Lord, I make you my Lord and
personal Savior. I turn my back on the
sin I was committing. I turn my back on
the devil;
I'm not going to serve him anymore. Or you
might be serving a false god; I turn my
back on the false gods. There will be no
other gods before him.
There's only one way to the
father and that's the Lord Jesus Christ.
So I denounce those false gods.
I denounce them all around the world. I
denounce Muhammad. I denounce Buddha. I
will not serve Buddha anymore. I will
not serve Muhammad anymore. I will only
serve Jesus Christ from this day
forward.
Jesus, I ask you to write my name in the
Lamb's Book of Life.
I dedicate my life to you. From this day
forward, I'll serve you with all my
heart.
Forgive me, Lord, of my sins. Thank you
that today is my fresh, clean start.
Behold, you make all things new.
Amen and amen. It's not something
religious; it's something from the
heart. And I want to tell you, if you
just said that prayer, I believe you
just gave your heart to Jesus Christ. You've
become born again; behold, all
things are new. What do you do now?
You're going to go to a Bible-believing
church. Go tell the pastor there. Say,
"Listen, I was watching some guy on the
internet and I said the sinner's
prayer. I want to be water baptized."Get
water baptized. Get plugged into
that church. Go to that local church. Go
there on Wednesdays. Go on Sundays.
Go to whatever meetings they have.
Get involved there. Go to Bible
study. Whatever you do, get plugged in.
Don't go back to what you were doing and
think, "Well, I'm going to stay strong."Tell
your friends, say, "Listen, I'm
going to church. I can't go partying
with you anymore. You know what? You all
want to go to the clubs. You want to do this."Why
don't you come with me to
church? They may say, "I don't want Jesus
right now."They may say that. You'll get
some new friends, but keep inviting
them. They're going to see that you're
changed.
They're going to see the glory on you as
you press in. Now, read your Bible every
day and pray. The word of God will
change you from the inside out.
You know the truth and the
truth will set you free.
You say, "Well, I don't have a Bible."Well,
I'll send you a Bible. I want to
bless you as you came to know Jesus
Christ tonight. We just want to say
congratulations on your
decision, and my wife and I will send you
a Bible absolutely for free. All you
have to do is email us in the
description down below and tell me, "I
got saved watching you."Give us your
name and your address and we'll send you
the Bible just to tell you we love you.
We're excited for your decision
and we won't solicit you; we won't
bother you ever again. We just want to
tell you congratulations and we're just
loving on you.
My heart goes out to the ones that are
watching even this late at night because
I know you're searching and you're
saying, "Man, does somebody out there
love me? Does somebody out there care?"And
you're not here by accident. Jesus
Christ has a plan for your life.
So, I encourage you to get plugged
into church, read this Bible and
the one we send you, and it will
help you to grow and change you
from the inside out. Did
anybody get saved tonight?
Tonight's the night of salvation.
41 people gave their heart to Jesus
Christ tonight. Welcome home.
Isn't that wonderful? All the ones that
are just born again. Forty-one people
earlier; we had twenty-some. So altogether
today we've had 61 salvations
on this channel so far, and it will be
spread through seven other channels.
Seven other different languages all
throughout the world will hear this. And
so we give all glory, honor, and praise
to Jesus for you coming to know him, and
that blesses my heart. So altogether
today, over 61 people. So isn't
Jesus wonderful, what he's doing here?
All 41 of you, welcome home. We pray for
you and we'll send you a
Bible if you want one. If not, get
it downloaded on your phone. You can get
a Bible for free on your phone, too, if
you need to. They have apps and things
like that.
So I pray this video blessed you
tonight. I pray you got
refreshed. I see
breakthrough for so many people who have
been standing and believing for
financial breakthrough, for healing in
your body. I see breakthrough for you.
The Lord showed me this when I was
praying, and I'm telling you, we are
days away. Here we
are. I feel it—that there's an
expiration date for what you've been
believing for. There's an expiration
date, and today is the day of salvation.
Today is the day of your healing. So
let me pray for your health right now.
Let's pray and agree. You need
healing in your body. Let's believe
right now that by the stripes of Jesus,
you're healed. We command you to be
healed in Jesus'name. Just like silver
and gold have I none, such as I have,
give I thee. In the name of Jesus, rise
up and walk. He commanded him to rise
and walk. So we say in the name of
Jesus, be healed and whole and well from
the top of your head to the soles of
your feet. We call your eyes to open. We
call your head to be healed. From
the crown of your head to the soles of
your feet, we call any strokes or
diabetes or heart disease or tumors. We
call healing over your body in the name
of Jesus. Over your eyes from
cataracts to blindness, we call your
eyes to open, for your ears to open in Jesus'name
for all your ears to be
healed and whole and well. From your
heart, any valve issues, we call
healing and wholeness and wellness in Jesus'name
over your hearts, over your
livers, over your spines, over your
spleens, over your kidneys. I call
healing and wholeness and wellness in Jesus'name.
We believe, Father, that
you're the great physician and that you
have everything we need. And we call
healing over our bodies from
gallbladders to liver disorders.
Father, I thank you, Lord, over their
blood disorders, any AIDS, diabetes, heart—whatever
it would be with
low iron. We call healing over that in
Jesus'name.
Hepatitis.
I call healing over that in Jesus'name.
We thank you, Lord.
Sexually transmitted diseases of all
kinds, we call healing over those in Jesus'name.
In fact, I hear even fire in
your blood. You're feeling warmth go
through your body right now. You're
feeling warmth going through your blood vessels
right now concerning this.
Sexually transmitted blood diseases.
Healing is flowing through your blood.
Repent and move on.
Healing over your blood right now. God
is delivering you from this right now.
It's a demonic spirit that's attached to
this.
Jesus Christ is healing you right now.
We call leukemia
to go now in Jesus'name.
Healing of the blood.
All kinds of blood disorders are being
healed tonight. Right now as we speak,
healing over their bodies right now in Jesus'name.
Leukemia is being healed
right now in Jesus'name.
That's very strong. I see it very
clear. Leukemia is being healed right
now in the name of Jesus. Fire's going
all through your body, and
you're going to go to the bathroom and
you're going to see it in the stool.
It looks like black.
Healed and whole and well over your
body.
It's black in the stool.
Yep. In the arteries and the heart, your
arteries in your heart. There have
been blockages in the blood flow in
your heart. Healing and wholeness and
wellness over your heart right now. I
see major arteries being cleared out
like a Roto-Rooter.
The plaque that has been in
your arteries is being unclogged
like a Roto-Rooter right now. It's dissolving
and going away. The Lord said, 'I'm
healing hearts tonight. I'm healing
hearts in the spirit. I'm healing hearts
in the physical and the natural. I'm
healing hearts
tonight.'Arteries
in your
neck, heal and whole and well.
You've been having dizzy spells and
you haven't known why. You have
serious dizzy spells, and it's
the blood flow in your brain
on your left side. Healing and wholeness
and wellness over the arteries.
I see brain aneurysms being healed right
now. And those brain aneurysms are
being healed in Jesus'name.
The effects of what happened.
Strokes.
They're like a stroke. It's like Bell's palsy
making your face droop. Your face
is being healed.
You're going to wake up
the next morning and it's going to be
completely restored. As they went, I
heard this: 'As they went, they were
healed.'As
they went, you're going to see a mending
from this night forward. A
mending.
As they went, they were healed.
This is going to sound really gross. I
see an ingrown toenail, very, very
infected on your toe, and it's
full of infection and it's very
painful. And I see this—it looks like it's
bulging out the side and
it's very painful and it stinks.
And the Lord is touching this ingrown
toenail, supernaturally dissolving that
nail that's overgrown out into your
skin. It's very infected; it's full
of infection.
Be healed and whole and well now.
Be healed and whole and well now in
Jesus'name.
Be healed and whole and well. Infection,
go.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord. The discs in your back
are being healed right now. Pain in your
lower back next to your hipbone. There are discs
being out and the
Lord's healing those right now in the
name of Jesus. I see the pain
going. It's almost like you're going
through a chiropractor visit right now.
Be healed and whole and well of that in
Jesus'name.
Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Father.
Yeah, it's for sure. I see it.
It's really interesting because it's
highlighted with blue.
I say L4, L5. What is that?
L4, L5.
Braden, I hear L4, L5. I just said it.
Be healed and whole and well in the name
of Jesus.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Father. Tonight is a night of
deliverance. Tonight is your night for
healing in your bodies. Tonight is your
night. I see an abscessed tooth in
one of your big teeth. In
one of your big teeth,
you have a bad cavity. And the Lord is
healing that abscess. There's infection,
really bad. And it's on your lower half
down here. And I see an infection in
that mouth, an abscess.
And the Lord is touching it. And it's
very painful. You have fever in it.
In Jesus'name, healing and wholeness and
wellness flow through the teeth. Healing
over your gums. Deterioration of the
gums. Healing, wholeness, and wellness in Jesus'name.
Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah.
Hallelujah.
Children
are being healed. I see a
little girl. She's being healed right
now. A little girl is crying out; she
said, 'What about me?'I
see a little girl. She said, 'What
about me?'Healing
and wholeness and wellness
over this child.
What's wrong with that little girl?
Lord, you're healing her.
Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. We
give you praise, Father. We thank you,
Lord. Healing and wholeness and wellness
over them. Thank you, Father. You're the
great physician. You're the great
physician. And we praise you, Father.
Amen and amen. Praise the
Lord. Thank
you, Lord. We praise you, Lord Jesus.
Stupid flies.
They're so demonic.
Flies are gross.
You know what's interesting, son,
is that after I was praying over that
and then it shifted and the whole
atmosphere shifted.
I'm learning.
Thank you, Father.
Praise the Lord Jesus; we give him
praise. Well, thank you for being here
tonight. I pray you were blessed and
you received your healing and your
salvation. It's
like a buffet here;
the Lord just provided a
buffet. He's like, "Come on
down.
Whatever you need, he's got
it."Isn't
Jesus wonderful? And
his spiritual buffet.
Hallelujah. Lord, thank you, Jesus.
It's a spiritual buffet.
Hallelujah.
It's time
for the outpouring.
Glory to God. It's time
for the greater manifestations of
the glory. It's time for the outpouring and
a fresh touch from Jesus.
It's time for new wine and new
wineskins.
It's time for the
greater glory.
Thank you, Lord Jesus, the God of the breakthrough. Hallelujah. Praise
you, Lord Jesus.
Thank you, Father.
Glory to
God.
We're so
thankful that you would spend your night
with us. Thank you. And to all the
fathers, happy Father's Day. We pray
you had a wonderful day and you'll
have a wonderful tomorrow. What a way to
start the work week out. We'll be back
again tomorrow night
to pray with you all on Monday, and
we continue to lift up this nation for the
Fourth of July, for the harvest of
souls, and for all of it. Jesus Christ is
coming, ladies and gentlemen. I'm so
excited that you're a part of it; we're
all a part of it together. Thank you for
all your likes and support. Click
the comment down below and say something
nice, please. Share
the video with your friends and family,
subscribe, and be a part of our notifications
and all that. We will
see you again.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a
song in your heart. Jesus loves you so
much and we love you. God bless you all
and we'll see you again tomorrow.
Bye-bye.